#summary Frequently Asked Questions about Xmemcached.

= Introduction =

Frequently Asked Questions about Xmemcached


= Details =

== What is memcached ==
Memcached is a high-performance, distributed memory object caching system, generic in nature, but intended for use in speeding up dynamic web applications by alleviating database load.More infomation please visit it's homepage  [http://memcached.org/]

== What is xmemcached? ==

XMemcached is a high performance, easy to use blocking multithreaded memcached client in java.It's nio based (using my opensource nio framework :[http://code.google.com/p/yanf4j/ yanf4j]), and was carefully tuned to get top performance. 

== Why another java memcached client? ==
Xmemcached has some special features that other java memcached clients doen's have,including:
  * JMX monitor,user can add/remove server dynamically
  * Client statistics
  * Weighting Server
  * Nio connection pool
  * Talking with kestrel and TokyoTyrant.
  * High performance

== Is Xmemcached compatible with jdk5? ==
Yes,since 1.2.0-RC1,Xmemcached is compatible with jdk5,but not 1.4.

== How to build xmemcached by myself? ==
First,your system must install maven,xmemcached use mavn to build itsefl.Then,download the source code,and unpack it to a fold,then enter the fold and type command 'mvn -Dtest -DfailIfNoTests=false package' to build the project.

== How to run unit tests? ==

The test.properties file under the src/test/resources folder is used for setting memcached test server.
Please set test.memcached.servers property value,Then run the unit test with command 'mvn test'

== Why throw java.utill.TimeoutExcetipn in some situations?==

Xmemcached is java nio based,so so all requests are asynchronous.The user thread must wait the response from memcached server.When time is over the operation timeout vlaue,then xmemcached would throw java.utill.TimeoutExcetipn.The default operation timeout is one second,and all methods have overload methods that have a parameter named 'optimeout' to override the default value.

Also,you can change the default operation timeout vlaue by 
{{{
   memcachedClient.setOpTimeout(5000L); //change to five seconds
}}}
The unit is milliseconds.

== How to store more than 1MB data to memcached? ==

Since memcached 1.4.2, it allow user to store more than 1MB size data.Xmemcached only allow use storing maximum 1MB of data by default,if you want to store more than that,please use custom transcoder:
{{{
  //set maximum to 10MB
  memcachedClient.setTranscoder(new SerializingTranscoder(10*1024*1024));
}}}

中文FAQ和性能调整建议 [http://www.blogjava.net/killme2008/archive/2010/07/08/325564.html]