#summary Xmemcached release notes.
#labels Phase-Support,Featured,ReleaseNotes

= Introduction =
Release Notes.


= Details =

== Xmemcached 1.4.0 release notes ==

 # Added `setOpTimeout` for client builder.
 # Monitor timeout request in exception message.
 # Added `RandomMemcachedSessionLocaltor` for kestrel protocol
 # When timeout exception happens in a connection continuously,we will close it,then it will be tried to reconnect..The maximum number of timeout exception can be set by `setTimeoutExceptionThreshold` method in client,default value is 1000.
 # Added a new constructor for client builder that accepts a string server list.Thanks @bmahe.

== Xmemcached 1.3.9 release notes ==

 # Added `resetStats` method for statistics MBean to reset statstics.
 # Added `setEnableHealSession` method to client/builder to enable/disable healing session when disconnected.
 # Optimize SET operations for binary protocol,36% performance increased in test.
 # Fixed incr could not work with custom `KeyProvider`.
 # Fixed client statistics error.
 # Reduce memory consumption on high load.
 # Added a new environment variable `xmemcached.selector.pool.size` to set reactor pool size.
 # Limit key length to 250 both in text and binary protocol.

== Xmemcached 1.3.8 release notes ==
 # Implemented touch command for text protocol.
 # Added a new interface `KeyProvider` to pre-process keys before sending them to memcached.And added a new method `setKeyProvider` to client builder and spring factory bean.
 # Added flow control for noreply operations and added a new method `setMaxQueuedNoReplyOperations` to to client builder and spring factory bean.It's default value is based on your jvm maximum memory.
 # Removed `time` field in delete command,it's not valid at all even you pass it.
 # Changed default operation timeout to five seconds.
 # Fixed KetamaMemcachedSessionLocator issue when set it to be compatible with nginx upstream consistent hash using memcached default port.Thanks wolfg1969.

== Xmemcached 1.3.7 release notes ==

 # Send heartbeat when connection is in read idle instead of sending it periodically.
 # Added an environment variable `xmemcached.heartbeat.max.fail.times` to set max heartbeat failure times,default is 3 times.


== Xmemcached 1.3.6 release notes ==

 # Fixed issues,includes:issue 161,issue 163,issue 165,issue 169,issue 172,issue 173,issue 176,issue 179,issue 180
 # Adds new methods for MemcachedClientBuilder:setConnectTimeout and setSanitizeKeys
 # Make heartbeats as an independent task,not just occur when connections are idle.
 # Disable nagle algorithm by default.
 # Decrease default merge factor to 50.
 # Adds CompressionMode for Transcoder,default is ZIP,but you can choose GZIP mode.

== Xmemcached 1.3.5 release notes ==

 # Fixed issue 154,issue 155
 # Thanks ilkinulas and MrRubato.

== Xmemcached 1.3.4 release notes ==
 # Enable nagle algorithm by default.
 # Check result returned by inc/dec protocols is number.
 # Make opTimeout can be configured by XMemcachedClientFactoryBean
 # Added RoundRobinMemcachedSessionLocator for kestrel or memcacheq cluster
 # Fixed bug which could cause connection disconnect when decode binary command with error message from memcached.
 # Add a option in KetamaMemcachedSessionLocator to be be compatible with nginx-upstream-consistent.
 # Fixed bugs,include issue 132,issue 142,issue 133,issue 139,issue 142,issue 145,issue 150.

Recommend user using xmemcached binary protocol to upgrade.

== xmemcached 1.3.3 release notes ==

 # Implements touch and GAT(get and touch) commands for memcached 1.6.x,adds new methods to MemcachedClient,includes:
{{{
         boolean touch(String key, int exp, long opTimeout);
         getAndTouch(String key, int newExp, long opTimeout);
}}}
 # Method setLoggingLevelVerbosity works with binary protocol.
 # Make exception infomation more friendly.
 # Deprecated KeyIterator and getKeyIterator.
 # Bug fixed,include:issue 126,issue 127,issue 128,issue 129.
 # Some changes for future version to implement memcached 1.6.x new commands.

== xmemcached 1.3.2 release notes ==

 # Bug fixed,include:issue 113,issue 112
 # Performance turning, 5% performance increase in store commands(add/repleace/set/append/prepend/cas).
 # Modify pom.xml to make it work on other machines.
 # Use github as source repository instead of googlecode svn.Xmemcached source has benn moved to [https://github.com/killme2008/xmemcached https://github.com/killme2008/xmemcached]

== xmemcached 1.3.1 release notes ==

 # Keep memcached servers in input order.
 # Add a new response status 0x06 for binary protocol,which means incr/decr non-number value.

== xmemcached 1.3.0 release notes ==

 # Add failure mode for MemcachedClient.
 # When client is in failure mode,you could also set a standby memcached node for every memcached server,and if a memcached server was down,then further requests to that server will transform to the standby node until server comes back.More information about failure mode and standby node see [FailureMode_StandbyNode]
 # Fixed issues etc.